Peace comes from within, do not seek it without.
Work out your own salvation, do not depend on others.
He is able who thinks he is able.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
What we think, we become.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
The mind is everything: what you think you become.
In separateness lies the world's great misery, in compassion lies the world's true strength.
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to yourself and others.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
The way is not in the sky: the way is in the heart.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
The instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others.
He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
To keep the body in good health is a duty, otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth: not going all the way, and not starting.
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as ones own in the midst of abundance.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
We are what we think.
All that we are arises with our thoughts.
With our thoughts, we make the world.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought.
The mind is everything, what we think we become.
The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground.
No one saves us but ourselves.
We ourselves must walk the path.
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
Happiness never decreases by being shared.
He who experiences the unity of life sees his own self in all beings.
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west.
People create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single, and the life of the candle will not be shortened.
Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Always be mindful of the kindness and not the faults of others.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
A jug fills drop by drop.
You only lose what you cling to.
Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.
Chaos is inherent in all compounded things.
Strive on with diligence.
No matter how hard the past, you can always begin again.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.
You cannot travel the path until you have become the path itself.
We are shaped by our thoughts: we become what we think.
When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act.
I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
However many holy words you read, However many you speak, what good will they do you If you do not act on upon them?
Meditation brings wisdom; lack of mediation leaves ignorance.
Know well what leads you forward and what hold you back, and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
If you propose to speak, always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind.
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
Better than a thousand hollow words is one word that brings peace.
What you are is what you have been.
What you will be is what you do now.
