Be the chief but never the lord.
To lead people walk behind them.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
He who is contented is rich.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures.
The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning and which permeates all heaven.
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion.
When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
By letting it go it all gets done.
The world is won by those who let it go, but when you try and try, the world is beyond the winning.
He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
He who obtains has little.
He who scatters has much.
Silence is a source of great strength.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
From wonder into wonder existence opens.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
To see things in the seed, that is genius.
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
He who knows, does not speak.
He who speaks, does not know.
Kindness in words creates confidence.
Kindness in thinking creates profoundness.
Kindness in giving creates love.
He who knows others is wise.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day.
Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
