When an elephant charges, make yourself seem really big and act like a mouse.
One trick or treater always complains about your browning banana slices.
Our grandfather spent the rest of his days grazing on the plains.
Truth is, horse trading is unstable.
The ultimate act of intimacy is sniffing the inside of one’s hat.
For all their faults at least atheists operate in good faith.
Why don’t foot stools reveal the curvature of the earth and again I’m just asking questions.
Gas stations need to start paying their volunteer bathroom attendants.
Feel bad eating lobster because they’re extremely unintelligent.
Lustful thoughts make you grow hair on your brain.
In the Victorian era kids were more polite and everything was throbbing with erotic subtext.
Chatting with the boys bbq-style while I cook my frozen White Castle sliders in the 7-11 microwave.
There’s nothing quite like a perfectly conceived child.
The bedbugs sure are getting engorged on my blood tonight.
Jeez Midnight Mass sucks in the lamest of ways.
What happen to the horse drawn ride share with no GPS called mares on wheres.
I’d dangle minimum wage paychecks in front of employees.
Sometimes Fate kicks you square in the circles.
The best new Soundscape option on the Calm app is Spiders Squirting Webs.
Luckily I just had a debilitating stroke instead of burning toast.
Finally reconsidering my months long life goal of passively becoming soil.
I will always fight for the uptrodden.
Never apologize for being sorry.
Praying for a placebo with 100% efficacy.
Brushing one’s teeth is the height of vanity.
Today’s Big Boys are taming space like a frothy wild mare.
16 oz. cans of beans would be easier to store if they came in super long bean-width steel tubes.
All catch and release fishing laws do is stink up the family garbage can.
An aerosol lap freshener that smells like your grandson is sitting there.
Put generic wet dog food on your buns and dogs will eat anything.
I can never remember if you’re supposed to lift with your knees or yell and make yourself seem really big.
The upside of grief is you lose weight and gain neckbeard.
Insane how a year ago I craved all things agora.
An app where non tippers can send glowing reviews about waiters they didn’t tip.
Poaching an egg requires subtle skill and patience, and that’s the beauty of never doing it.
A Calm app story where i narrate the daily journey from bed to bedroom floor.
Greatest generation parents said their kids were “honking for a bonking”.
Progressives fiddle about policy while the nursery room floor is hot lava.
Close your vaccine shot hole with one of these classy mid century armchair buttons.
The backlash from my NFT announcement destroyed my $0 brand empire.
Why don't they make a Grandson On My Lap scented candle?
If the earth is round what makes maps flat.
The enemy of my frenemy is my enefrenemy.
In the 90s google maps would just say duh thar be monsters.
The satisfying crunch when your fifteenth row of teeth grinds into a seafarer.
If I see another lawyer cat porn parody I will delete my history.
Remember when you could still yell at waiters?
You can tell where someone’s from based on whether they refer to their dad as “Pop” or “a Coke”.
Bent over without assistance to prove i was still virile and split my buttock bodice.
I gifted myself a trumpet for my birthday. how does one play the trumpet?
Tricking my 2 yr old into thinking I got raptured.
She left one front tooth unbrushed so her other teeth would gleam all the brighter.
A good book is a better form of transportation than any old bus.
Get in touch with your inner ear.
Pianos should only have one big long key because limitations unlock the creative mind.
Politicians are so full of baloney, I bring bread and ketchup to the voting booth.
Regressed hard from his Real Boy transformation.
Capone's cloying accountant, madone.
I mean this ding dong has gravitas.
What a solemn weenie.
Would that Americans cast pettiness aside and put all flags at 1 and 1/2 mast.
I mean they’re both great is the problem.
In the 80s microwaves were huge and they had a setting for Single Popcorn Kernel.
We soil ourselves to enroot the grasslings of tomorrow.
RV is short for VROOOOM.
In today’s world even psychology magazines have issues.
The father-son slow dance at my big boy’s wedding.
Remember when fridge magnets could hold more than 1 slice of Ham?
If you encounter a bee in the yard, make yourself look big as possible and then play dead.
Vegans: but have you tried the new rot dogs on the new dung buns.
Poll : do you microwave your hot dog buns or boil them on the stove.
Physicists argue that wormholes are bursting with wormdung.
Fill your neighbor's bird bath with La Croix.
Meditating on violence only leads to omicide.
I awake at dawn to microwave a dawn burrito.
Anyone else experiencing longer than usual fingernails?
We’re all living on our own dinky Little Prince asteroids.
Here's a sad song I wrote about an injured racehorse, god bless.
Here's me on C-SPAN bragging about my son's lowest-possible SAT score.
Thought i'd put together a collection of my health/disaster-related slops, hope this helps.
Next the brigands will come after our toilet water.
Luckily our property rests on vast reserves of untapped toilet paper.
Don't show up to work without liquid soap on your face.
Splitting an Uber only makes sense if you do it lengthwise.
The best concerts consist of two songs divided by a four hour intermission.
Baby trousers should have soft gums not toothy zippers.
He’s full of stories and I can always put a crease in his ear so I remember where we left off.
Old cracker jack boxes had tangible prizes like a hollowed-out hog femur.
We throw away our meatloaf heels when they could be repurposed as dry beef crumbs.
Billionaires say they can’t afford taxes yet they always have enough money to own a cell phone company.
Remember the old cow trading cards that came with a stick of cud?
The key to being charming is being a leather pouch of herbs and bird bones.
Generosity means donating the pistachios you can’t open to a local food bank.
We used to stare at our phones, just peacefully staring at the black screens of our powered-down phones.
We once lived carefree lives in the trees, feeding on wood and guarding the larvae of our queen.
The accordion makes fresh song of stale air.
Ugh here comes the avalanche of birthday wishes.
Looks like # is trending again.
I became a jazz musician to mask my mediocrity with virtuosity.
What happened to that ambitious young man who squeezed life by both buttocks until blood came out.
Pacifiers should have a powerful Bluetooth speaker that soothes by blasting nursery rhymes.
A neighborhood vandal slightly overinflated one of my tires.
Greta Thunberg needs to debate Mr Loaf.
Who else dozed off to thanksgiving football with belt unbuckled and pants around ankles.
Trade your business suit for a motorcycle jacket and ride across America in a greyhound bus.
Who’s ready to lick their thanksgiving plate clean and put it back in the cabinet.
Boiling bananas robs the peels of their nutrients.
Artists hate a blank canvas because it makes them go “duhh why didn’t I come up with that”.
And what are you thankful for, I ask the dead turkey on my gross lap.
The warmth of a stolen coat.
I quit the band when they didn’t know the difference between A Minor and a minor.
Imagine if we could use more than 1% of our brains.
Retiring and moving up north means no more mosquito larvae in your grandson’s water bowl.
At Thanksgiving, oh how we’d fight over that thing that hangs from the turkey’s face.
This eye infection is impervious to home remedy smears of raw burger meat.
Good News, our pastor says sins are virtues.
We rejoice the return of our prodigal cows by slaughtering their fatted calves.
Wow your coworkers by wearing unsoiled sweatpants.
This Uber is all load-bearing chassis frame and no lug nut wheel torque, 1 star.
The ancients divined the future by examining beard trimmings and toothpaste spit.
We toss our empty soup cans in the trash while starving goats bleat.
Don't eat raw chicken without heating your dentures in the microwave for 20 minutes.
Autumn makes you wish your seasonably yellow toenails were evergreen.
I thought my beard was giving my grandson a rash, but it was just a diaper rash.
Millennials have replaced the crackling hearth with cold smartphones.
You can lead a horse to water with one of those retractable horse leashes.
I remember when a management promotion came with a big brass spittoon.
At a special place in Hell, you can skip the line if you have a friend who works there.
The Globe theater is actually Flat.
I remember when every gas station Hot Pocket came with a free microwave.
Nothing soothes a crying baby like cardboard cutouts of his negligent parents.
Nobody talks about the Edison onion bulb.
Pigeons are strikingly intelligent and social, yet we casually stomp on them like bugs.
For new dog owners, the tails are like those baffling “do not remove” mattress tags.
I miss the early days of twitter when everyone was still tweeting in plain old Sumerian.
Life sure has a funny way of me never visiting the dentist or showering.
At 8 months old your grandchild should be falling down the stairs on purpose.
If I was president I would put a bill to outlaw my inlaws.
My uncle was a vegetarian but he was also an avid hunter who shot hamburger sandwiches for sport.
Here’s to soaking in a tub of grass clippings on Fathers Dad.
A pothole made me pop my brand new $15K surgically implanted hemorrhoid cushion and now I’m ruined.
Real New Yorkers fold their burgers.
Close your eyes and imagine your brain is an embossed leather tome.
I brought my own beans to this party, but can't eat them because nobody has a can opener.
There’s a thin line between lithe and dearth.
Our building superintendent unclogs toilets like a girl.
What kind of person brings up politics right as you're slipping your buns into a warm tub?
You know you’re getting old when you’re the only guy at the nightclub who brought a leaf blower.
When an old lady enters your crowded subway car, offer her your antique ear trumpet.
More proof that a weathered potato can spawn a fresh sack of peaches.
My father was a door to door salesman with a passion for selling doors to other doors.
Chickens should put little hams in their eggs for Easter.
When Cindarella turns into a pumpkin after her wedding, Prince Charming loves her even more.
The spice trade changed the world by adding zest to flavorless merchant vessels.
The earthworms laugh at us for not eating dirt and living for more than 2 yrs.
Australian zippers zip in a counterclockwise swirl.
Nothing’s more adorable than the elephantine folds of a father’s fingers.
Even schrodinker’s cat experienced self doubt.
Popping a wheelie on my wheeled walking stick.
I’ll never be able to pay off my student loan from when I borrowed $400 from a student.
At old restaurants, you could pay with food eat your debit card.
Millennials say "nom nom" while boomers say "munch munch".
Every titan of industry was once just an orphan boy begging for more gruel.
We forget that seahorses were once wild and untamed.
The diligent grandpa licks the top of his Grandon's head like an ice cream cone.
At prom, no girl would dance with me because I was just a lowly school janitor.
A disruptive cloud-based cemetery with technology-infused tombstones.
I'm googling “emergency horseshoe removal” to save my grandson’s life/feet.
Pigs are as smart as dogs, but I still eat beef because cows are only as smart as pigs.
Nobody carries cash anymore, so panhandlers end up walking home with nothing but a pan full of personal checks.
Even pretending to wash your hands after using a public restroom is a kind of performance.
We demonize the lions while lionizing our demons.
On old trains with no means of propulsion, passengers were grateful to just sit there and be.
To go back in time and step on the first bug.
You know a gentleman is educated when he doesn’t pronounce “phonetically” phonetically.
A loving childhood is no substitute for an alienated adulthood.
We clamor for meaning in a world filled with books I’m too dumb and lazy to read.
Eating seeds from a bird feeder doesn’t make you a vegan.
The soviets proved that space chimps can survive for almost three days without masturbating.
Advertising lulls Americans into believing that bacon bounces on cheeseburgers in slow motion.
I wasn’t one of those cool kids who sat on the principal’s lap in exchange for food.
The hunter-gatherers of old made it a point to eat the entire hot dog, leaving nothing to waste.
A butter boy is a beautiful woman with an ugly son.
All atonal composers do is throw the white and black keys in a box and shake them around.
All musicians secretly want to be movie stars while all actors secretly want to be movie stars.
Historians say history’s first historian is lost to history.
If I invented a time machine, I could relive inventing a time machine.
You’d be wise to bring a wheel of American cheese to my retirement luncheon.
We treat our grandparents like children by spanking instead of learning from them.
Every child of the 80s has a story about dropping their fax machine in the toilet.
Which frozen corn dog brands use humanely raised wood sticks.
In March 2003, me and my buddies were out celebrating because the War in Iraq was about to start.
Who eats a McDonalds Happy Meal toy with a fork and knife?
Light is faster than sound but sound is louder than light so they both deserve a trophy.
One man’s Art is another man’s Arthur but don’t let that stop you from visiting Arthur galleries.
Now is the time to pivot from measured criticism to gentle chiding.
I'm just trying to put diapers on the table.
Nothing debases great songs quite like the medley, the Human Centipede of the song world.
Skunks have a heightened stench of smell.
The enlightened parent ensures their child’s diaper is clean before the morning spanking.
To get as much iron as 6 million bowls of Raisin Bran, astronauts need to eat one meteor.
No tale is incomplete without just the beginning and middle stuff.
The FCC allows up to 30 milligrams of rat feces in cereal commercials.
We can all learn a mouthful from the noble skunk.
Our Pastor says forgiveness is a sin.
The ideal superpower is invisibility to keep a lookout for perverts in locker rooms.
Be sure that your child drinks 6-8 glasses of breast milk per day.
Once sturdiness alone could get you a job as a chair, but now you need a college degree.
Matter is nothing if not something.
Is there any real benefit to making the switch from Marlboro Lights to Marlboro Corncob Pipes?
If you think the government runs efficeintly, you've never tried to order a sandwich at the DMV.
Farmers only roll around in the mud because they can't perspire.
"I was just following orders" is the same defense that pizza delivery guys give.
Goofing around with a human ovum will cause it to be abandoned by its mother.
My New Years resolution is to keep putting December on my checks when it’s January.
A burst of inexplicable laughter can cheer up even the most adjacent of urinal users.
Farm expos only give blue ribbons to healthy hogs, not my malnourished farm hand.
Showing my age but i remember when young folks could sit on a mall Santa's face.
The first dumpster divers had to rely on cumbersome brass helmets for their very survival.
I'm bulging my eyes and jutting out my underbite so nobody sits next to me on a long bus ride.
Quit your job, convert your lawn into a grass garden and live and eat like the carefree cows.
Babies are even smarter than old pigs.
I let my newborn baby try to breastfeed from me as a gag and now she's belching cigar smoke.
Why do retirement homes have 8 electrical outlets when hot dogs come in packs of 10?
The key to a healthy diet is meals.
Hooves aside, horses do little to advance the dog chew industry.
The gentleman in the adjoining public rest toilet has no regard for the art of conversation.
If you have to ask it means you're just seeking the answer.
When i was growing up a space trip to Mars was a far away dream but now it is a distant reality.
You'd be surprised at how many people don't know anything about knowledge.
My father was the kind of man who'd give you the pants off his ass.
Don't shit on my head and tell me its raining candy bars.
Folks cant Smile and play Harmonica at the same time &amp; that is how the Blues got born.
Sometimes i wish my lap was big enough to support the buns of every child on earth.
Are snakes eels or snakes everybody debates that part.
Once you become a goose wrangler it's all honks from here on out.
It's the cold nights that make you glad for belly hair.
Without Space the universe would just be a big earth Stephen Hawking.
Dogs are civilized enough to shit in the Great Outdoors instead of some vulgar toilet bowl.
When a bully steals your lunch money, the right thing to do is give your friend's lunch money too.
The first sandwich was just a plain old bread and cheese molecule.
College is a Walmart for your mind.
No grandson is complete without a pair of lap-warming buns.
The plaintive din of a wailing grandson reminds us that some hearing aids must always be turned down.
Now's the time for small men to forge themselves into even smaller men.
The reason there was only one pair of footprints is I lost my Feet to diabetes.
Imagine the maternal warmth of a pig's snout against the buttocks of a lonesome farmhand.
Imagine how the moon felt when it discovered Neil Armstrong.
Imagine how the first caveman felt when he discovered food.
We hopped in the cab and the city whizzed by like a whole bunch of streets and buildings.
Time to fix our own global warming instead of being the global warming police of the world.
Sharks have a way of turning today's friend into tomorrow's chum.
A Picasso painting left in the produce aisle sold for 40 cents as a pineapple.
Nietzche said if you toot your horn long enough your horn also toots you.
Trump did more in his first 100 days than most presidents got done in 10 hrs.
Since when did women judge you by the length of your grandson?
A babysitter is no substitute for a wholesome iron cage.
A grandson's budding manhood = one lonely lap.
And yet my grandfather was a cultivated man, a collector of old cigars and fine manure.
The warm underlap of a sturdy grandson.
Grandson is reading Smartness For Dummies.
Nothing warms the soul like offering a homeless family a predatory loan :  ).
If i had a time machine i'd go back to the 1930s and publish a tepid think piece about hitler!.
Mountains get big cause they have no natural predators.
In a year we'll all have jobs that involve rusty wheelbarrows.
Sitcoms in the 50s could only show people having sex in separate beds.
You know your poor when you have to decide between buying food and buying cuff links.
Don't be that guy on the bus who looks down on me for taking my laptop to the bathroom.
Life was simpler before they added the silent e.
Imagine how our ancestors reacted to the very first wheel ("duhh, where's the On switch?").
Dawn brings the doleful cry of a morning dove, the lagging buffer of a streaming video.
Lock a thousand shakespeares in a cage with a thousand bananas and you will have a hit on your hands.
Art has come a long way since its days as a biblical helping verb.
Some priceless paintings are so realistic that you can literally touch them and face real world consequences.
From the dumpy potato to the succulent french fry, nothing satisfies hunger quite like food.
Science has a way of making us question our very hypotheses.
Young folks need to grab opportunity by both buns and squeeze until blood comes out.
Autumn means dimpled pumpkins and rumpled buns.
Autumn means ripe apples and sallow cheeks.
Lose more followers by tweeting valuable social media tips.
Our social platform automates authenticity.
No child's birthday party is complete without a cackling, boil-covered clown.
You know it's time to go on a diet when even your doctor says you have coronary heart disease :/.
Bojack horseman is goddamn beautiful.
According to my dna test I'm 50% irish and 50% guy who sold a vacuum to my mom.
Can't wait to tweet my joke about being sick of eating firecracker sandwiches on July 5th!.
Walmart is patriotic because it offers jobs that illegals wouldn't want.
Strive to attain a healthy work-work balance.
Govt puts fluoride in toothpaste so dont brush your teeth.
Is "Baby I Hate Your Face" a song? I shaved my stupid face and my girlfriend never saw it before.
2 gallons of breast milk can yield nearly a pound of breast cheese.
Art is the death of kitsch : (.
Is there life before death?
Always bring a banana to a gunfight.
A dog's mouth is actually cleaner than a human corpse's mouth.
Cats are better than dogs because you don't need to take them for walks or pet them or give them food.
You're never too old to believe in mall Santa.
I've become really comfortable in my own skin because my skin now hangs loosely from my body.
Abandon your children for a budget-friendly Christmas.
Cows share a common genetic ancestor with hamburgers.
Already sick of eating leftover turkey bone sandwiches.
Fool people into thinking you're rich on Halloween by wearing a two-ply mummy costume.
Quietly reflecting on Nature while skipping Frogs across the Pond.
Not to toot my own horse.
Pulled out my hernia stitches again and now i have to wear a damn dog cone.
After dreaming of my teeth fall out, I woke up relieved I still have one good tooth.
Wife gave a french fry to a homeless man but he'll probably just trade it for drugs.
Grandson just caught the first dead leaf of fall on his tongue.
My granddaughter is getting married in the dress my wife was buried in : ).
Our grandson has to stay in our yard cause we're allergic to baby dander.
My grandmother could stare at a slice of bread for hours.
We often forget that our grandparents were once people.
Summer is when kids pine for a refreshing lick from the ice cream man.
My father carried me around in his testicles for nearly 72 hours.
Grandson is the first person in our family to pass the 1nd grade.
Today we give thanks to our nation's brave donuts.
Who as a kid has never pulled the wings off a bird?
More and more young people are agreeing to get married before abstaining from sex.
According to my DNA test, I'm part bone.
Ice cream truck music is a helpful reminder that life is but a horror film.
Men are better swimmers than women but only because they are part sperm.
The game of checkers is the thinking man's game of checker.
I wish there was a humane way to kill the maggots in the dead mouse behind my fridge.
There's no proof that the universe evolved from monkeys.
There'd be no Easter if the Easter Bunny weren't crucified by the Romans.
In dog years the world's oldest man is 7 times older than himself, wow.
What grandparent doesn't enjoy reminiscing about the night their grandchild was conceived?
Orphanages have unwanted grandchildren because most folks will only adopt regular children.
Waking up my wife to the aroma of scrambled eggs in my mouth.
The Eskimos have over 50 words for snow and yet not one of them is in English.
The only "big bang" theory worth teaching our kids is that of the Immaculate Conception.
Why believe in evolution if I've never seen Darwin in a piece of burnt toast?
I'm going to tell my grandson I love him for April Fools!
Marketers lose interest in their children once they've outgrown the 18-35 yr-old demographic.
We're only spanking our grandson until he's old enough to spank a grandson of his own.
In Spring, crushing suicidal thoughts give way to more carefree suicidal thoughts.
God knows religion isn't for everyone.
My son pulled himself down by the bootstraps.
Dog i wish my landlord would let me have a god.
The film industry discriminates against hardworking grandsons.
Actually it's perfectly safe to kiss your dog if you stretch a condom over the snout.
My little grandson asked where grandpas came from.
It kind of goes without saying that.
Santa serves as a haunting reminder that even children deserve gifts.
Keep your turkey leftovers moist with plenty of gravy and Al Green music.
Someday i shall bathe in the finest domestic tap water.
I haven't felt this shaken up since I was a baby who wouldn't stop crying.
And when i walk down the beach it's gonna sound like two balloons are rubbing together.
Hired a stripper for our daughter's baby shower.
Found a great recipe for homemade leftovers.
The government which functions best is that which functions the worst.
I haven't felt this good since i solved The Case of My Missing Tooth.
How come no restaurants let you bring your own food and waitstaff and cash register and building.
Is there anything softer, warmer, and yet more fragile than my grandson's lap?
Funny how everyone is suddenly your friend once they find out you're a hundredaire.
Haven't you ever wanted to be a part of something smaller than yourself?
Be sure to brush at least one tooth per year.
Just think of the sandwiches we're gonna have.
Cartographers will tell you that no man is an island, except for the isle of man.
Confound the NSA by changing all your passwords to password124.
The government should be allowed to live a quiet normal life outside of the national spotlight.
Do what you love and the pennies will follow.
Xylophone solos are important because they sound like a urinating clown.
Thunder is angels creating a sonic shock wave in response to lightning's expansion of air.
Artists should be free to master their craft so that we can toil away in a more beautiful world.
Now hiring digital rockstars to join a ninja team of brand gurus.
Once we were just floating along, safe and warm, in the cozy confines of our father's balls.
Lustful thoughts make you grow hair on your brain.
Pregnant sex is illegal without written consent from the baby.
In the Victorian era kids were more polite and everything was throbbing with erotic subtext.
Remember to hug your local NSA worker on independence day.
Dog biscuits should be administered orally.
Toy-filled easter eggs rob children of the joy of playing with yolks.
It feels like i've been punched in the health.
Cells are the building blobs of the universe.
The mainstream media tacitly promotes beastiology.
The game of checkers is the thinking man's game of checker.
Global warming is a threat to our very coldness.
Easter baskets should be filled with sizzling sausages.
Just talked my grandson into getting a gramp stamp.
Proper young gentlemen pretend to wash their hands after using the bathroom.
Bradley manning threatens the very lawlessness we take for granted.
Shield your kids from commercialism by gift-wrapping them and stashing them under your tree.
Everyone shouldn't join the Church of Discordia, a non-prophet irreligious disorganisation.
Our entitlement culture is destroying a whole generation of elderly people.
This Christmas, buy your wife that box of your favorite cigars.
The savvy Christmas shopper buys year-old ham.
Grow your very own Christmas tree in five simple years.
Abandon your family and friends for a budget-friendly Christmas.
Proper dogs lift all four legs while peeing.
Rub an old sock on your neck before that big date and watch those pheromones work their magic.
I look like a rotting banana.
This Florida weather is turning my skin from gray to a healthier, blotchier yellow.
I'd learned never to look a gift horse in the mouth because horses have weird, ugly lips.
Please take the time to talk to your children about infidelity.
The biggest muscle in our bodies is the brain.
Music students should develop a passing familiarity with all three chords.
Optimize your brand's influence by infusing it with betterness.
Should've bought dog diapers before the hurricane.
Voting's an opportunity to become part of something smaller than yourself.
Conversation opener from my friend John: "Did Mike tell you we saw a bum's balls?".
Imagine if we could use more than 1 percent of our brain.
Would be fun to watch a time-lapse video of the past million years in real time.
Austerity measures send a strong message to the folks who didn't get us into this mess.
Like the turkey the donkey is flightless.
The savvy marketer knows to increase brand awareness by tweeting in all caps.
Women should age gracefully instead of wearing baby bonnets and diapers.
Don't forget about our brave troops fighting the War on Christmas.
A lot of obscure struggling artists go on to become universally undistinguished.
The unemployed should look for jobs as captains of industry so they could contribute to society.
No one knows how come letters make words.
What will technology do once it renders itself obsolete :/.
Lose more followers by tweeting valuable social marketing tips.
Always bring a banana to a gunfight.
Sometimes even the most powerful people can make a difference.
Some of the most inspirational poems are wordless.
The universe remains one of the greatest mysteries of outer space.
Just bought a new tube of beard scrub.
Is this an optical illusion or does it just look like one?
Grandson's helping me record my favorite commercials.
Folks need to take a stand against the anti-earthquake lobby.
Need to warn our young people about the dangers of abstinence.
When it feel like the sky is falling, pretend it's raining blueberries.
The oceans are filled with secrets and water.
Paul Ryan's right about grandmas not working hard enough.
The male octopus has but four wieners.
Anyone got a cure for chronic insomnia that doesn't involve booze or drugs or sex or warm milk?
One day KFC will realize they're on the wrong side of ornithology.
I can show you beer in a handful of suds.
Seems like young men prefer women with a full head of hair.
Seems like the present is on a collision course with the future.
Internet spam is the only reason i get up in the morning.
Something tells me the Lord is handing out cigars in heaven.
Chipped my tooth on an orange slice.
Hello can I pet your baby?
Art is the death of kitsch.
How come stem cells aren't allowed to vote?
Chicken souls are good for the soups.
What makes clouds turn into thunder.
Young men shouldn't objectify pieces of meat.
Our pastor says the road to hell is paved with happiness.
Teenage girls shouldn't spy on their grandfathers in the shower.
Am i the only person who remember the old 2D movies.
Seems like every bathroom should come with its very own toilet.
Young ladies should consult their pastor before administering CPR to a married man.
Proper young men should show up to a date wearing a necktie and a condom.
Young folks shouldn't dog-kiss on the first date.
Humans and babies are 98% identical gene-wise.
